So we have covered three different app integration
services here within this module.
So before we go look at our scenarios, let's quickly review what we've covered.
So first of all, we introduced Amazon Simple Notification Service, or SNS,
and we talked about how it enabled you to either publish messages to a
topic or subscribe to get messages from that topic.
We then looked at Amazon Simple Queue Service, or SQS, and we talked
about how in many ways it worked like a mailbox. You can put messages in
and it will keep them there for up to 14 days.
And this will help us build fault tolerant applications.
We also explored architectures that leverage both SNS and SQS.
And after that,
we examined AWS Step Functions, and we reviewed how you could take a very
complex workflow and define it within a Step Function.
So now, let's take a look at our scenarios.
So our first scenario was Ruth, and her non‑profit was losing
volunteer signups because their database server went down.
So what is Ruth really trying to solve for here?
Well,
she's trying to solve for being fault tolerant because right now they're not
fault tolerant, they're losing data with user signups.
So what service would you recommend?
Well, that's going to be Simple Queue Service, or SQS.
This way they can take user signups even if their database server is down.
And when their server comes back up,
it can simply go pull messages off of the queue.
Next, let's look at Jessi, and she had the complex list of onboarding steps.
So is there a service that she could use to model these steps?
Well, in this case,
that would be AWS Step Functions because she could go in and take all the
steps that she has in her onboarding process and integrate them into a
workflow where every time there is a new customer,
you could send them through that workflow with Step Functions.
Now last,
let's look at Roger. And his ecommerce company was
building that custom platform,
but they don't know all the different components and what messages
they're going to need to listen to, so they want to get a service that
would allow for both current and future parts of the platform to listen
for those key events. Well in this case,
that would be Simple Notification Service, or SNS.
In this way,
certain parts of the platform could listen for order events and other parts could listen for refund events.